    The current rulers of Dorgheshan are descendants of a noble orcish family that looked for peace in 
times of war, and thus got exiled by the warmongering rulers at the time. In exile they made many
allies among the other countries, and their wealth and connections enabled them to influence the 
political climate of the states from the outside. This culminated after an especially sour defeat 
of the orcish armies at the hands of a dragon that invaded from the deserwch left the rulers of 
the states weak, and the Fragaria family was able to return to provide aid, and, after gathering 
their followers, the Heiress to the Fragaria family, Frukta, along with her mother Achene, staged
a widespread coup across all the states, which came to pass without battle, in which they captured
and imprisoned all the rulers, and replaced them with powerful allies from the states they derived
        ~who had sworn fealty under a magical agreement called the 7 provinces accord~
thus maintaining the hierarchies but securing themselves as rulers of the unified kingdom. This led 
to the era of peace the kingdom is currently experiencing.

Random Notes
    - Vraxa (Captain of the Dorgheshan royal guard)
    - Axandra (Captain of the peacekeepers)



    Today's Session begins with Luna being given conditional freedom, and being taken to 
meet with her charge- Axandra, a guard captain, tells Luna that she is being summoned by
her charge today for the mission she's been assigned, and while giving her back her equipment, tells
her that she trusts she'll do an excellent job. She then gives her 20gp and tells her if she completes
her journey, she will be given not just her freedom, but also a reward, and that she should take care
of her charge.
    Meanwhile, Mermelada is saying her goodbyes in the noble section of Dharok'un her grandmother 
smiles upon her, and gives her an amulet she says will cast a spell to call upon her, but only once
and that she will do whatever she can to help should that happen.
    Unbeknownst to both of them, arriving at the city, is a Karuulm spy called Alua, and she is told 
by one of her sources that someone important is leaving the city with an imperial escort, but they
don't know the details of their identity, and ask her to investigate. They tell her she will find them
at the west gate, at 5p.m.
    At 4p.m. Mermelada and Luna are introduced to each other and are told where they
should go next, Axandra tells them they will have to travel to the ports of Vherak'an to find a ship
to go where they would like, with a signet they give them that will allow them entry to any ship
    At 5p.m. however, when they arrive at the gate for their departure, they are ambushed by a group
of bandits, that when killed vanish into a cloud of smoke.

Actual session notes
    They successfully escape the encounter, but Alua overhears their conversation where they refer
to a queen, saying she will not be pleased. 

Alua 17
Luna 12
Mermelada 11
Bandits 8