Within the upper floor of the Pyramid, lies a ritual chamber, blood lines the floor and
pedestal within. Whoever enters feels observed. 

If they go towards the Temple above, they'll see tatooed people coming out of it,
as well as shadar'kai elves giving out orders. They feel an immense amount of power emanating 
from within the Temple, and will need to roll DC 18 Charisma saving throws or become frightened.

They only find the corpses in the ritual chamber, and then go up to the portal thru the stairs,
accidentally alerting the tattoed guards to their presence before finishing climbing up the steps

After an encounter they emerge victorious. 

They explore the portal temple, and see a statue of Kama (They don't know who that is) and a series of 
steps going up. They investigate the portal, and realize it's a bit unstable and shouldn't be open, and
then they go up the stairs, finding an abandoned military encampment, then going up they exit through a 
church. The church worships the elven pantheon of gods, especially the wood elven ones. 

After, they go to Tiryanwyn and tell him about what they found. They discuss the portal and come to
the conclusion it probably has something to do with the weakening of the leylines and Yggdrassil.
They talk about gods and their origins, mentioning the material gods and outer plane gods, and the fact
that they differ. After that they go to rest at the tavern.

Tiryanwyn tells the druids, and they investigate the portal during the night. In the morning, they
meet up, and they reafirm the correlation between the portal being open and the leyline issue.
They then decide to go into the church to interrogate the Priest. Alua and Iris ask peacefully but
don't get much of an answer. After that, the priest goes into his office and sends a message thru a 
magic bird. Alua sees this and tells the others to intercept it. They destroy the bird, and while they
do it, Luna interrogates the Priest aggressively and gets the information out of him that the queen
was here, that she charmed him, that they left around a week ago in a hurry, and that they might be
in the city of Evaemon. 

