Iris Lucem (Valen) Backstory:
                Elf who got lost in the woods as a child, and was found by a travelling circus. The 
            acrobats raised her and she considers them her parents. She lived with the circus until ~25,
            but they got attacked by a group of elves with (possibly) her bio parents. It turns out,
            however it was not her bio parents, but their enemies, and they wanted to kidnap her in
            order to threaten them.  
                While living in the circus she learned to be an acrobat, and in the meantime
            participated on shows with magic tricks and dancing.
                Her prismatic magic, comes from her being a descendant of the goddess of light Airene,
            which she doesn't know... but Airene does.
            

Mermelada (Rosu) Backstory:
                Her mother made a deal when she was a child, that she doesn't know the terms of, (which
            was to revive her when she died prematurely), but in exchange, or as a side effect, the witch
            laid a curse on her, that slowly petrifies her body. To remedy this, she has embarked on a 
            pilgrimage, passed down through generations of orcs, through the world, in search of a worthy
            offering for the fires of the Dorgheshuun volcano, to heal in the springs of Khealth, and 
            finally remove the curse

Lola (Elen) Backstory:
                She hails from a minotaur tribe, being from the family of the leaders of it,
            with a territorial dispute with centaurs. But when the dispute escalated to violence 
            and her parents got murdered, she was sent by her tribe to another continent to live with
            humans until the dispute was settled. She was reaised by farmers, who took care of her
            as one of their own, and taught her to cook vegertables for herself, which she started doing
            as a way of escaping her growing nightmares of an unknown past. 
                Deciding she needed to find out the true meaning of her nightmares, she decided to
            embark on a journey to get in contact with her origins, and to find a place to settle and
            set up a vegetarian restaurant.

Luna (Eden) Backstory:
                A beasthide shifter, who used to be a soldier and was a part of a special forces unit, 
            for which she served as tank, getting the nickname "Iron Bear". But during a mission to 
            Dorgheshan to destabilize the government, which ended in a terrible failure, most of the
            team was killed and only she was left alive, only to be abandoned by the empire who had
            sent them on the mission to begin with, not taking responsibility for the mission.
                The court of Dorgheshan ruled in her favor, allowing her to leave, based on the fact
            that she was merely following orders, and did not know the extent of the malice of her 
            Country. Her freedom however, had one condition, which was that she would be to escort
            a noblewoman on a pilgrimage around the world, and bring her home safely, after which she
            would be free.

Alua (Temi) Backstory:
                Daughter of a nombleman who works for the leader of one of the largest cities in the 
            Karuulm Plateau as secret police/spy, she learned the craft from a young age. She gained an
            interest in magic as she was born with a dark arm of likely arcane origin, so she began to
            study magic, taking advantage of it for her work. She was mysteriously posessed by a spirit
            during an investigation, but couldn't find out much about it's origins or her arm's. This led 
            her to leave Karuulm and spy on other countries, sending back information whenever possible
            and to try and find out more information about herself in the process.


Angus (Pat) Backstory:
                Was tasked by a leprechaun to look for the Elder Wyrm Vorkath's treasure in order 
            to return to his old world 