    The session begins with a small recap on the adventure's prologue, followed by the announcement 
of the party's arrival to the portuary city of Tritanum, whereupon they find that the townspeople,
who they know to be usually jovial, are in a bad humour, many stores and houses look run down 
and unkempt.
    There are a couple wealthy merchants from other countries unloading merchandise onto wagons,
and some are conversing with local merchants getting their information about the state of the country
if the players listen in they can hear something along these lines:

l       -Yeah, sales are ever-declining, we're lucky to get commerce from incoming travelers, but the
    people in the countryside are having a rough time dealing with the increased taxes and fees.
f       -That's not good, are there any signs of change from the monarchs? things have been going 
    downhill for years now.
l       -Nothing will change until the nobles get fed up with them too. Right now we're dealing with
    it by eating into our savings, and only spending on basic necessities. The change has been so
    gradual it would seem like they're slowly boiling us so we don't notice.
f       -Well, something should be done to remedy that, let the nobles know things can't keep going
    this way forever.
l       -Here's the thing tho, I've heard rumours that some lords are training more troops than usual,
    seems like the cogs are turning, something is about to happen.
f       -Seems like quite the scoop, let's go somewhere more private, so you can tell me all about
    it. Let me buy you a drink.
l       -That would be wonderful, thanks.

    There is a massive tavern nearby that despite the state of the rest of the town, still seems
to be fairly well-maintained, and is bustling with activity. Different people of all kinds sit
around tables, **(tieflings, aarakokra, genasi, humans, dwarves, orcs and dragonborns). The chatter
loud and lively, but the elves running the establishment seem to be in low spirits.
    If they talk to any of the many travelers, they would find out that they come mainly from the
south, and some from Karuulm, and that they are traveling towards the great tree for the festival
of the moon that happens once every year, where the moon shines vertically onto Yggdrassil, the
the tree's flowers sprout all at once, and the pollen they generate is said to bring good fortune
to those who smell it. lanterns are sent skyward to remember the passing of loved ones, to have their
souls bound to the leaves of the tree.
