First thing in the morning, Iris goes to a magic store to try and find a Sending scroll but finds it
too expensive

The others order breakfast, Waffles with Dulce de Leche and Molten Chocolate.

They decided to go to the Temple in the Tree, that holds a library, to investigate.

Angus searched for information on Dragons, and found an important one who battled again Elisya, a queen,
whose name has been erased from history, and during which battle an artifact of great power was destroyed.

Iris searched for information on Thia, and found that many dryads have come and gone, and who helped the
city in times of turmoil, appearing also to enjoy the festivals. The dryads have had different appearances
and names, and never have two been seen at the same time.

Alua searched for information on curses and found an Ancient book from Elisya's time, in which using 
tatoos to create enchantments was described. 

After this, they go to a tavern in one of the higher levels, and Alua casts detect magic. She's 
immediately knocked out, but before that sees that most of the furniture is made out of the same 
wood Yggdrasil is. Iris performs onstage and rolls a fucking nat 20, and gets a Payday of 91GP for it.

Having eaten, Mermelada goes to look for ingredients to make a cream to combar her curse. It works
slightly, but her curse ends up developing a resistance to it's effects.

Iris ends up buying the scroll of Sending and casting it. Her spell targets Lana and it's description
is found on letters.txt 

They meet up at the tavern and then go to meet with Tiryanwyn and tell him about their worries as
regards to the purple worm sighting, and the tattooed people that have been attacking them. He tells
them about the possibility of an entrance to thr underdark and a portal linking the area below to the
Shadowfell.

After that, they go to sleep and in the morning, try and find an entrance to the underdark. Wherein
they find an old unused door, and a room after that. The room contains two statues, one of Amara and
one of Fya, standing back to back, clearly angry with each other. The statue of Fya looks up and the 
statue of Amara looks down. 
