Prep:

If the party is to descend into the Underdark, I want Alua to make an Arcana check
if she is to beat the check (DC 15), she is able to sense, almost subconsciously
the fact that the nature of the magic around her, but not it's intensity, has shifted
more and more throughout the descent. If she is to activate detect magic, she will
be able to see that the kind of magic it's shifted to is necrotic in nature. And also
have to roll a DC15 Constitution check or be knocked out temporarily, and take a
point of exhaustion on a roll lower than 5. If she is knocked out, then she will have
a vision, of rising up through red, slowly opening her eyes to see  around her the red
streams of molten magma, as the earth shakes and the magme surges with her. 


After this, they decide to go back to the library to investigate before commiting to
the treck down the stairs within the tree.

Within the library, they find 3 books:

One is found by Lola, which has the details of the seasonal conditions of 
Yggdrasil, along with mentioning a tome complete with everything known about it,
which they find out is only held by the leader of the druids.

Another is found by both Alua and Iris that lists names of gods in elvish
and has mentions of their domains.

And Mermelada rolls a nat 20 and finds an ancient book that details a war between gods
as an Epic. 

Afterwards, they begin their descent into the depths of the Underdark, they walk
through countless steps, and on their way down, Alua gets the sense that the magic
around her is begining to change. She casts detect magic and gets almost knocked out
in the process but succeeds on the Constitution saving throw. With this ability, she
discerns that the magic around her is changing towards necrotic energy, with the nature
magic that surrounds the roots begins to deminish.

Once outside of the narrow steps, they find themselves in a massive cavern,
stepping into a lit up forest of giant bioluminescent mushrooms that grow alongside the
roots that reach even at this depth. 

They begin exploring the cavern, walking alongside it's edge past the light of the mushrooms
and into pitch-dark sections of the same cave. They are unadvertantly ambushed by a pack of
Voidmice, but are luckily able to push through and defeat them.

Still walking alongside the cavern's edge, they find a steep slope into a tunnel, that
seems to emit light. Some of them charge ahead while others remember to tie down a rope
to ensure they have a way back onto the main cavern in case things go awry. Once below
they find the cavern is lined with bunches of bioluminescent mushrooms, unlike the giant 
ones at the entrance before. 

They tread through this tunnel and end come upon a cliff, they see a mist covering what lies
below, and see a narrow pathway going downwards. On the other side of the mist, they can see a 
Temple surrounded by mushrroms that seems to have some activity as it is lit by torches.
They descend the narrow path carefully and end up at the ruins of an ancient settlement 
the ruins are covered with mushrooms, which they  realize  might be feeding off of its decay and 
rot, as there are no longer Yggdrassyl roots for them to leech off of. From within the center of the 
ruins, stone steps going upwards, in the direction of the Temple. There's also an intermittent 
light coming from within, as well as vines covering the buildings and  floor. The outer walls have 
patterns and decorations.

They find within the ruins, a statue depicting 2 women hugging (Fya and Amara). Below lies
a plaque bearing their names, however it is in a language unlike their and so they aren't able to
descypher it. The light they saw comes from the base of the statue from which the plants grow out
of. Luna casts comprehend languages and reads about a battle that took place here between a group
of goddesses including those depicted on the statues, and a different group of gods. The first won 
the battle. 

Combing through the town they also find a small pyramid with decorated walls. Alua and Iris
enter the pyramid, when Alua steps on a pressure plate which ignites torches alongside the 
interior walls, which allow them to see that the pyramid is a temple dedicated to  Amara, with
a statue depicting her likeness within, bearing a calm expression. 

Upon an archway leading upwards, Luna finds an Inscryption saying "Beyond lies a passage 
to where you should not go" 


Giant mushrooms - Edible
Mushrooms 1 - Toxic
Mushrooms 2 - Edible
Mushrooms 3 - sorta toxic


